Digital Twin Manager 1025.8.0 Changelogs for Plugins 6.2.0 (#4884)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-8-0-asset-breadcrumbs-plugin-now-available-in-dtm-plugins.md

---
date: ""
title: "Asset breadcrumbs plugin now available in Dtm-plugins extension"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-3026"
version: "1025.8.0"
---

> The Asset breadcrumbs plugin displays the asset path in Group and Device contexts (i.e., when the url path is /group/:id or /device/:id), making it easier to navigate through hierarchical asset structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Asset breadcrumbs plugin displays the asset path in group and device contexts (that is, when the URL path is */group/:id* or */device/:id*), making it easier to navigate through hierarchical asset structures.
```

It automatically generates the navigation path from the root asset to the current

> subasset, thus reducing navigation complexity and improves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subasset, thus reducing navigation complexity and improving
```

---
date: ""

> title: "Asset breadcrumbs plugin now available in DTM plugins"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Asset breadcrumbs plugin now available in Dtm-plugins extension"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-3026"
version: "1025.8.0"
---
With the new Asset Breadcrumbs Provider Plugin in Digital twin manager
plugins (DTM Plugins). Users can integrate this plugin into custom web
applications to display the asset breadcrumbs path on the subassets

> page, making it easier to navigate hierarchical asset structures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Asset breadcrumbs plugin displays the asset path in Group and Device contexts (i.e., when the url path is /group/:id or /device/:id), making it easier to navigate through hierarchical asset structures.
```

The plugin provides a reusable breadcrumbs component that automatically
generates the navigation path from the root asset to the current
subasset. This enhancement reduces navigation complexity and improves
the user experience when working with nested asset hierarchies in custom

> applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It automatically generates the navigation path from the root asset to the current
subasset, thus reducing navigation complexity and improves
the user experience when working with nested asset hierarchies.
```
